#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
altair==5.2.0
    # via gradio
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.2.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
    #   starlette
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
capstone==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via typer
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via pdfminer-six
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.109.0
    # via gradio
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
ffmpy==0.3.1
    # via gradio
filelock==3.13.1
    # via huggingface-hub
fonttools==4.47.2
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2023.12.2
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
geckodriver==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio==4.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==0.8.0
    # via gradio
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via httpx
httpx==0.26.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   jupyterlab
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.20.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   trio
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via gradio
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.22.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.24
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.9.1
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.13.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.5
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via gradio
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.1.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
openai==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.9.10
    # via gradio
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via trio
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   gradio
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyaml==23.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.5.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.14.6
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pyelftools==0.30
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via gradio
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pyaml
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.32.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.0
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.12.0
    # via scikit-learn
selenium==4.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.35.1
    # via fastapi
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.3.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomlkit==0.12.0
    # via gradio
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
traitlets==5.14.2
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
trio==0.25.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via selenium
typer[all]==0.9.0
    # via gradio
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   selenium
    #   typer
tzdata==2023.4
    # via pandas
unicorn==2.0.1.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3[socks]==2.1.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
uvicorn==0.25.0
    # via gradio
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via gradio-client
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
yara-python==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
